[OSDOCS-20299]: CQA: HCP on bare metal disconnected (1 of 2) (#113856)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-dc-bm-hosted.adoc

Author: The content in this file comes from content that was removed from the `hcp-deploy-dc-bm.adoc` assembly.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hosted_control_planes/hcp-disconnected/hcp-deploy-dc-bm.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="hcp-dc-bm-hosted_{context}"]
= Hosted clusters on bare metal in a disconnected environment

> [role="_abstract"]

Reviewer: maybe I am misunderstanding this section, but I feel like line 12 should be first, then line 10 can be a bulleted list

> In a disconnected environment, creating a hosted cluster involves deploying hosted cluster objects, creating node pools, creating an `InfraEnv` resource, creating bare-metal hosts, and scaling the node pools as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hosted cluster is an {product-title} cluster with its control plane and API endpoint hosted on a management cluster. The hosted cluster includes the corresponding data plane. 

In a disconnected environment, creating a hosted cluster includes the following tasks:

* Deploying hosted cluster objects
* Creating node pools
* Creating an `InfraEnv` resource
* Creating bare-metal hosts
* Scaling the node pools as needed
```
